- SUSAN: It won't be for long.
Just long enough for them
to find out what's going on.
- JODIE: Please, don't leave me here.
- SUSAN: Just for a couple of days.
You'll see. Time will go by fast.
- PHILIP: Susan, we need to go.
There's no reason to drag this out.
- SUSAN: Be brave, darling.
(SNIFFS) You're strong.
I know you're strong.
- NATHAN: Jodie.
I know it's hard.
Leaving your home and your family.
But here we have a better chance
of understanding what's happening.
We can find a way to protect you.
- JODIE: Nobody can protect me.
- NATHAN: Your belonging's
on the bag over there.
Cole and I are right nextdoor.
If you need anything or if anything is wrong
Just call and we'll come right away.
Okay?
Good night, Jodie.
- JODIE: Alright.
Find somewhere to change.
Hope they haven't put cameras in here too.
Come on, Bunny Gruff. Let's see
where we're going to sleep tonight.
- COLE: I'm gonna turn off the light now.
Good night, Jodie.
- JODIE: Wait.
Can you leave the light on in the hall?
I don't like it when it's dark.
- COLE: Sure.
How's that?
- JODIE: Good.
- COLE: Good night.
- JODIE: Night.
Don't be afraid, Aiden.
We're gonna have a good night sleep.
And nothing's gonna happen.
(AIDEN REPLIES)
I can't sleep, Aiden.
I think I need a story.
(JODIE SCREAMING)
GET HELP, AIDEN! QUICK!
- COLE: Woah...
(JODIE SCREAMING)
- NATHAN: My god, Jodie.
Get a doctor, hurry!
- JODIE: It's okay.
It'll be alright now.
Aiden isn't scared of them anymore.